Updation in installation guidelines (#1731)
ColoredCow/portal: docs/installation.md

                </Directory>
            </VirtualHost>
            ```

>             - After making the above code, if you are getting the "403 Forbidden" error. Consider the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - After making the above code, if you are getting the "403 Forbidden" error, try adding the following line in your virtual host configuration:
```

            ```apacheconf
            <Directory>
                 # some code above
                 Allow from all
            </Directory>
            ```
            Change to:
            ```apacheconf
            <Directory>
                 # some code above
                 Allow from all
                 Require all granted
            </Directory>

>             ```

Reviewer: We can just mention the line to add. Let's skip writing both before/after so that the documentation size is smaller
```apacheconf
<Directory>
     # some code above
     Allow from all    # add this line
     # some code below
</Directory>
```
